Add script to increase gas limit to 120M on mainnet (#203)
base-org/contract-deployments: mainnet/2024-07-31-increase-gas-limit/README.md

# Update Gas Limit in L1 `SystemConfig` 

Status: DONE

## Objective

We are updating the gas limit to improve TPS and reduce gas fees. 

This runbook implements scripts which allow our signers to sign two different calls for our Incident Multisig: 

> 1. `UpdateGasLimit` -- This script will update the gas limit to our new limit of 100.5M gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `UpdateGasLimit` -- This script will update the gas limit to our new limit of 120M gas
```

> 2. `RollbackGasLimit` -- This script establishes a rollback call in the case we need to revert to 97.5M gas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `RollbackGasLimit` -- This script establishes a rollback call in the case we need to revert to 112.5M gas
```
